While three little rabbits were walking through the forest, they found a huge carrot. Wow, Look at this. I saw it first. I saw it first. This carrot is mine. I don't care, But I saw the carrot too. While the rabbits were arguing for a long time, one of them finally came up with a great idea: Let's go to the furthest part of the forest and race up to here. then Whoever comes first gets the carrot. But they could not decide which race they would like to do. I run very well And I jump very well. At that time, the bad wolf Jack, who was wandering hungry in the forest, immediately hit in the bush when he heard the sound of three little rabbits. I'm so hungry that only if I swallowed those three rabbits at the same time I might be full. Okay, Forest running race first. As soon as bad wolf learned that the rabbits were going to be competing for carrots, he went ahead and dug a deep hole in the running path. He also covered it with leaves. No rabbit can escape from my traps. A little later, the three rabbits started a running race. Each of them rushed past each other. It was not clear who was ahead and who was behind. The big bad wolf Jack, who saw the rabbits running towards the trap, was watching them curiously. All three of you will fall into that pit, But the rabbits passed over the trap so fast that they left a huge cloud of dust behind them. The wolf who came and looked at the trap was very surprised because the trap was still intact. Why didn't the rabbits fall into my trap? Jack took one jump on the leaves to control the trap, Two jumps and the third time he fell into the pit himself. No way I fell into my own trap While the wolf was trying to get out of the pit. the three little rabbits race to jump the furthest. Remember, we will jump by following the direction signs to the carrot. Just as the race was about to begin, the second rabbit got a thorn in her foot. Oh, But I can't jump without thorn. Oh, While her rabbit friends helped her, the evil wolf Jack changed the direction signs for the carrot: Jump into the swamp and I'll eat you up with great appetite, You little cute rabbits. Jack set out for the swamp before the rabbits. Meanwhile, the second rabbit finally got rid of the thorn in her foot and the jumping race began. Each of them was jumping further from each other, following the direction signs. After a while they came to a crossroads. There were carrot direction signs on both sides and they were very confused. Are we going to go left or right? I guess left. No, no right. The rabbits decided to continue on the left side of the road. Meanwhile, the bad wolf spread the sticky honey he stole from the bees on the rock in the middle of the swamp and began to wait for the rabbits. curiously, This will be your last jump bunnies. The rabbits finally saw that the place they had jumped up to was a swamp, not the side of the carrot. No way, I think we have extended the way to the carrot. Then let's jump off the stones in the swamp and cross over. While the rabbits were jumping over the stones, one of them got stuck to the rock. I'm stuck to the stone, I can't jump. His friends, who wanted to help the unlucky rabbit, came to him and quickly pulled him from his arm. Thank you, my friends. So the rabbits continued the race. Bad wolf Jack, whose hands are covered in honey, was attacked by bees while he thought he was going to catch rabbits. Help, He fell into the swamp while running away in fear. Help, I'm sinking. Help. The rabbits finally came to a riverbank for the third race. I know swimming very well. Watch how I will be the first. While the rabbits were talking to each other, Jack had another plan. He placed a crispy lettuce just where the rabbits will land. He took a long net in his hand and climbed the tree While the rabbits are eating lettuce. I'll catch them from here. The rabbits quickly started a swimming race. If one got ahead, the other would swim faster and overtake the other one. Finally, all three of them landed at the same time finishing the race. When the rabbits saw the lettuce right there, they started to eat it with great appetite. Just as the bad wolf was about to catch them from the top of the tree, one of the migrating storks got caught in Jack's net and flew away with him. No, Let me down quick. The rabbits finally got very close to the big carrot and they started running towards the carrot for the last time. But Jack the wolf, disguised as a carrot, was waiting for the bunnies at the finish line. This time I will eat you as soon as I open my mouth. While the wolf was waiting for the rabbits, with his eyes closed and mouth open, an old farmer approached him with joy when he saw a giant carrot. Whoa, Look at that carrot, It's huge. The farmer didn't even realize that the carrot he was soldering was actually a wolf disguised as a carrot. GURR, Leave me, I'm not a carrot, I'm the bad wolf. The bad wolf, Jack. At the end of the race, the rabbits reached the finish line at the same time, so all three of them took first place. We all won all the races at the same time. That the three of us can share the giant carrot? Yes, but where is the carrot? When the rabbits wandered around a bit, they found the real carrot the wolf was hiding, and they all ate well together, Because the important thing is to have good friends with whom you can achieve anything together.